stands out to the scab bump your tips a
County resident council receives two
letters and a number have reinvigorated
football here in our nation's capital
but as that excitement rubbed off on the
pregame festivities let's find out
what is rg3 mean to the Redskins fans
and the tailgaters it's all about hope
lethargy at 3:00 in DC first time we've
had hope in the past 20 years you bring
in our g3 and wow you know there's a lot
of exciting you look around and we're in
the art d3 Jersey I mean our g3 is
spread across the country it's just not
here so even if you're not a Redskins
fan
you always look to see what he has done
on the dredge I don't know if it's
getting to that point it takes time to
grow a proper dredge you give everyone
like two three seasons same way you have
to like are you working not your trip
you know the Redskins play at my
tailgate I don't tailgate at Redskins
games but now it's becoming finally to
the point where we can actually tailgate
at a Redskins game now that's a real
tailgate or a hunter-gatherer bringing
wood back to the tailgate fire that's
how you do it you're a real man 65 to 70
pounds of pure grilled hog tastic glory
and goodness
OOP just dip in the sauce right there oh
good and juicy hail to the Redskins
that's the taste of victory be honest
you take this sweet puppy out on the
roads it turns a few ladies heads
absolutely that's a big hit in front of
the elementary school as well this is no
ambulance it's at a tailgate therefore
it's a fan Buell ins here at hail
barbecue instead of hailed for the chief
its hail to the beef or whatever else
you guys are cooking hail to the krispy
kreme hamburgers I don't know now you
know less talking more eating let's go
go the tailgate fan challenge of the
week all of the hail barbecue crews
goodness and one bite
we're gonna start with the Krispy Kreme
hamburgers we're gonna add a waffle
french fry a taco homemade coleslaw
pulled pork and mac and cheese oh my god
I can't believe is gonna do it don't do
it he's doing the Krispy Kreme hamburger
and it is a nap
Aleut disaster in his mouth right now
come on you're not done yet
let's go forth in one fourth and goal on
the three make it happen
German cheer mine ladies and gentlemen
hail barbecue in one bite that was
awesome that was awesome wait I think
that Jerry go yeah you had cold you had
a hot you had sweet
you had salty what more could you ask
for a burger a napkin we'll see we can
do what are these called crash burn
crack burgers yes it's a drug I just had
one with Brides a taco and coleslaw on
top of it and I'm jonesing breakfast is
the most important meal of day because
you start off some meat tailgating the
most important meal this week in honor
of Chris Kuehl coming back to the team
I've got captain chaos crunch fried
chicken chicken tenders and buttermilk
and we go the flour here we go to the
egg wash then we get all the Captain
Crunch
hello now you are you
the h2o close h2o group the football
soul needs to get fed both in here and
out there
how am I gonna put it where's that gonna
go this is our snack to go whoa
tailgate fan kicking it up a notch this
weekend
there's only one thing I want to know
yeah who are you on the phone with your
mom Oh DC the love and the good times
are back this is what I'm talking about
my name is Nick Stevens in Washington DC
as tailgate fan I approve of this
tailgate we can fill everybody